When someone asks, What can you do with a mechatronics degree? very often the answer is Almost anything you want.
A degree in mechatronics can lead to management positions, including project management.
Workplaces range from laboratories and processing plants to engineering design offices.
As more businesses advance their technologies and turns to sophisticated intellegent systems and robotics, mechatronics engineering will continue to grow in demand. 
Even manufacturing businesses considering a technology upgrade turn to mecahtronics engineers in order to evaluate assembly line effeciency and costs.
Mechatronic specialists have broad multidisciplinary skills, so they are able to move into more traditional engineering disciplines.
A mechatronics specialist is a creative problem solver who can work on a team.
Many mechatronic engineers use computer-aided design (CAD) and other engineering software for modeling, simulating, 
and analyzing complex mechanical, electronic, or other engineering systems.
There are many tasks mechatronic specialists perform, depending on their particular industry.
Some design, develop, maintain, and manage high-technology engineering systems for the automation of industrial tasks. 
Others apply mechatronic/automated solutions to the transfer of material components or finished goods, 
or design and assist with the manufacture of consumer products such as cameras and video recorders. 
According to Recruiter, the mean salary for a mechatronics engineer is $88,800 with the top ten percent earning close to $103,380.
Mechatronics engineering technology jobs in telecommunication and information services include roles such as high-voltage engineer, field or cable technician, networking technician, and more. 
Job responsibilities can include installing, maintaining and repairing mobile phones, computer networks, videoconferencing equipment, fiber-optic cables, electrical systems and more.
According to salary.com, telecommunications technicians earn an average salary of $64,240 per year.
A bachelors degree in mechatronics engineering technology will position you for high-impact
jobs in solar power, wind energy, biofuel, hydropower and geothermal technologies.
Renewable energy is a booming industry in which mechatronics graduates will find many
opportunities to use their multi-disciplinary engineering skills to help make exciting
innovations, test and improve components used in wind turbines and solar panels, and
more. Job titles may include safety coordinator, materials engineer and energy systems
technician, among others.
In today's interconnected world where global delivery is an essential part of many businesses, mechatronics degree graduates are in demand
to work in transportation and logistics. These careers involve working with custom-designed
machines, powerful computing infrastructures, complex transportation processes and
equipment, and more. In short, you'll use comprehensive mechatronics knowledge to
keep large companies up and running, and delivering customer satisfaction.
The Department of Defense predicts that 40% of military ground troops will be robotic
in the near future; in turn, this will increase the need for robotic technicians with
strong mechatronics engineering technology degrees. Mechatronics degree program will be prepared 
to work for the U.S. government supporting the design, construction, alteration, testing and maintenance of new robotic and drone
technologies, as well as smart technologies used in surveillance, ground operations,
border control, deployment logistics and more.
According to glassdoor.com, mechatronics engineering technician salaries at the U.S. 
Department of Defense can range from $85,040 to $91,042, and the average salary for a U.S. Army Corps engineering technicianis $53,329.