A mechatronics engineer unites the principles of mechanics, electrical, electronics, and computing to generate a simpler, 
more economical and reliable system. Through collaboration, the mechatronic modules perform the production goals and inherit 
flexible and agile manufacturing properties in the production scheme. At the intersections of mechanics, electronics, 
and computing Mechatronics specialists create simpler, smarter systems. Mechatronics specialists work in the fields of cybersecurity, 
telecommunications, computer science, automotive engineering, robotics, artificial intelligence, and consumer products and packaging.
Mechatronics specialists can do quite a bit across multiple disciplines and have a solid base from which to grow. 
Mechatronics specialists know both mechanical and electrical engineering fundamentals they speak both languages so a m
echatronics specialist can work with both mechanical and engineering teams.
Mechatronics specialists work with massive industrial robots, smaller robots in pick-and-place operations, control systems for 
bottling or packaging of food and drink products, drones, designing control systems for rides in amusement parks, prototype development.
Some mechatronics specialists are employed in firms where it is necessary to design and maintain automatic equipment. 
This includes industries such as manufacturing, mining, aviation, robotics, defense, and transport. 
Other mechatronic specialists are employed by large manufacturing companies involved in high-volume production.
Mechatronics engineers today are changing the world by useing a multidisciplinary and systems-based approach to 
develop the intelligent electromechanical devices and integrated systems present in our daily lives 
including: smartphones, 3D printers, satellite systems, intelligent vehicle systems, wearable devices.
Also by the design and implementation of robotic control systems, creation of wearable devices, development of next-generation additive manufacturing 
(3D Printing) systems, design and development of electric, hybrid, and autonomous vehicles.