Mechatronics, also called mechatronics engineering, is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering that focuses on the 
integration of mechanical, electrical and electronic engineering systems, and also includes a combination of robotics, 
electronics, computer science, telecommunications, systems, control, and product engineering. Mechatronics engineering is the 
design of computer-controlled electromechanical systems. The essence of it is that the design of the mechanical system must 
be performed together with the design of the electrical/electronic 
and computer control aspects that together, comprise a complete system.
Many people treat mechatronics as a modern buzzword synonymous with automation, robotics and electromechanical engineering.
The intention of mechatronics is to produce a design solution that unifies each of these various subfields. Mechatronics deals 
with robotics, control systems, and electro-mechanical systems. Mechatronics deals with robotics, control systems, and electro-mechanical systems.
Originally, the field of mechatronics was intended to be nothing more than a combination of mechanics, electrical and electronics, 
hence the name being a portmanteau of the words "mechanics" and "electronics"; however, as the complexity of technical 
systems continued to evolve, the definition had been broadened to include more technical areas. 
The word mechatronics originated in Japanese-English and was created by Tetsuro Mori, an engineer of Yaskawa Electric Corporation. 
The word mechatronics was registered as trademark by the company in Japan with the registration number of "46-32714" in 1971. 
An industrial robot is a prime example of a mechatronics system; it includes aspects of electronics, mechanics, 
and computing to do its day-to-day jobs. Mechatronics systems include production systems, synergy drives,
exploration rovers, automotive subsystems such as anti-lock braking systems and spin-assist, and everyday equipment such as 
autofocus cameras, video, hard disks, CD players and phones. The Anti-lock braking system (ABS) is a mechatronic system.
And the control loop formed by driving control (for example cruise control), engine, vehicle driving speed in the real world and speed measurement is a mechatronic system, too. 