Mechatronics, also called mechatronics engineering, is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering that focuses on the 
integration of mechanical, electrical and electronic engineering systems, and also includes a combination of robotics, 
electronics, computer science, telecommunications, systems, control, and product engineering. Mechatronics engineering is the 
design of computer-controlled electromechanical systems. The essence of it is that the design of the mechanical system must 
be performed together with the design of the electrical/electronic 
and computer control aspects that together, comprise a complete system.
Many people treat mechatronics as a modern buzzword synonymous with automation, robotics and electromechanical engineering.
The intention of mechatronics is to produce a design solution that unifies each of these various subfields. Mechatronics deals 
with robotics, control systems, and electro-mechanical systems. Mechatronics deals with robotics, control systems, and electro-mechanical systems.
Originally, the field of mechatronics was intended to be nothing more than a combination of mechanics, electrical and electronics, 
hence the name being a portmanteau of the words "mechanics" and "electronics"; however, as the complexity of technical 
systems continued to evolve, the definition had been broadened to include more technical areas. 
The word mechatronics originated in Japanese-English and was created by Tetsuro Mori, an engineer of Yaskawa Electric Corporation. 
The word mechatronics was registered as trademark by the company in Japan with the registration number of "46-32714" in 1971. 
An industrial robot is a prime example of a mechatronics system; it includes aspects of electronics, mechanics, 
and computing to do its day-to-day jobs. Mechatronics systems include production systems, synergy drives,
exploration rovers, automotive subsystems such as anti-lock braking systems and spin-assist, and everyday equipment such as 
autofocus cameras, video, hard disks, CD players and phones. The Anti-lock braking system (ABS) is a mechatronic system.
And the control loop formed by driving control (for example cruise control), engine, vehicle driving speed in the real world and speed measurement is a mechatronic system, too. 
A mechatronics engineer unites the principles of mechanics, electrical, electronics, and computing to generate a simpler, 
more economical and reliable system. Through collaboration, the mechatronic modules perform the production goals and inherit 
flexible and agile manufacturing properties in the production scheme. At the intersections of mechanics, electronics, 
and computing Mechatronics specialists create simpler, smarter systems. Mechatronics specialists work in the fields of cybersecurity, 
telecommunications, computer science, automotive engineering, robotics, artificial intelligence, and consumer products and packaging.
Mechatronics specialists can do quite a bit across multiple disciplines and have a solid base from which to grow. 
Mechatronics specialists know both mechanical and electrical engineering fundamentals they speak both languages so a m
echatronics specialist can work with both mechanical and engineering teams.
Mechatronics specialists work with massive industrial robots, smaller robots in pick-and-place operations, control systems for 
bottling or packaging of food and drink products, drones, designing control systems for rides in amusement parks, prototype development.
Some mechatronics specialists are employed in firms where it is necessary to design and maintain automatic equipment. 
This includes industries such as manufacturing, mining, aviation, robotics, defense, and transport. 
Other mechatronic specialists are employed by large manufacturing companies involved in high-volume production.
Mechatronics engineers today are changing the world by useing a multidisciplinary and systems-based approach to 
develop the intelligent electromechanical devices and integrated systems present in our daily lives 
including: smartphones, 3D printers, satellite systems, intelligent vehicle systems, wearable devices.
Also by the design and implementation of robotic control systems, creation of wearable devices, development of next-generation additive manufacturing 
(3D Printing) systems, design and development of electric, hybrid, and autonomous vehicles.
In Bangladesh, RUET is the first public university to introduce Mechatronics Engineering in the year of 2013. 
This department offers a world-class education to its students. At present, there are nine faculty members who teach over more than 200 undergraduate students each year.
Rajshahi University of Engineering & Technology (RUET) is the prestigious public Engineering University & center of excellence offers 
high quality education and research in the field of engineering and technology.
When someone asks, What can you do with a mechatronics degree? very often the answer is Almost anything you want.
A degree in mechatronics can lead to management positions, including project management.
Workplaces range from laboratories and processing plants to engineering design offices.
As more businesses advance their technologies and turns to sophisticated intellegent systems and robotics, mechatronics engineering will continue to grow in demand. 
Even manufacturing businesses considering a technology upgrade turn to mecahtronics engineers in order to evaluate assembly line effeciency and costs.
Mechatronic specialists have broad multidisciplinary skills, so they are able to move into more traditional engineering disciplines.
A mechatronics specialist is a creative problem solver who can work on a team.
Many mechatronic engineers use computer-aided design (CAD) and other engineering software for modeling, simulating, 
and analyzing complex mechanical, electronic, or other engineering systems.
There are many tasks mechatronic specialists perform, depending on their particular industry.
Some design, develop, maintain, and manage high-technology engineering systems for the automation of industrial tasks. 
Others apply mechatronic/automated solutions to the transfer of material components or finished goods, 
or design and assist with the manufacture of consumer products such as cameras and video recorders. 
According to Recruiter, the mean salary for a mechatronics engineer is $88,800 with the top ten percent earning close to $103,380.
Mechatronics engineering technology jobs in telecommunication and information services include roles such as high-voltage engineer, field or cable technician, networking technician, and more. 
Job responsibilities can include installing, maintaining and repairing mobile phones, computer networks, videoconferencing equipment, fiber-optic cables, electrical systems and more.
According to salary.com, telecommunications technicians earn an average salary of $64,240 per year.
A bachelors degree in mechatronics engineering technology will position you for high-impact
jobs in solar power, wind energy, biofuel, hydropower and geothermal technologies.
Renewable energy is a booming industry in which mechatronics graduates will find many
opportunities to use their multi-disciplinary engineering skills to help make exciting
innovations, test and improve components used in wind turbines and solar panels, and
more. Job titles may include safety coordinator, materials engineer and energy systems
technician, among others.
In today's interconnected world where global delivery is an essential part of many businesses, mechatronics degree graduates are in demand
to work in transportation and logistics. These careers involve working with custom-designed
machines, powerful computing infrastructures, complex transportation processes and
equipment, and more. In short, you'll use comprehensive mechatronics knowledge to
keep large companies up and running, and delivering customer satisfaction.
The Department of Defense predicts that 40% of military ground troops will be robotic
in the near future; in turn, this will increase the need for robotic technicians with
strong mechatronics engineering technology degrees. Mechatronics degree program will be prepared 
to work for the U.S. government supporting the design, construction, alteration, testing and maintenance of new robotic and drone
technologies, as well as smart technologies used in surveillance, ground operations,
border control, deployment logistics and more.
According to glassdoor.com, mechatronics engineering technician salaries at the U.S. 
Department of Defense can range from $85,040 to $91,042, and the average salary for a U.S. Army Corps engineering technicianis $53,329.
An emerging variant of this field is biomechatronics, whose purpose is to integrate mechanical parts with a human being, 
usually in the form of removable gadgets such as an exoskeleton. This is the "real-life" version of cyberware.
A mechatronics engineering degree can prepare you for careers designing and building bio-inspired
machines and medical devices that mimic the behaviors of humans, animals and plants (this is called bio-mimetics). 
You also may use knowledge of mechatronics engineering technology to improve clinical equipment, surgical procedures, rehabilitation strategies, micro-implants, prosthesesand more.
According to salary.com, biomedical engineering technicians earn an average of $62,282 per year.
Mechatronics is an essential foundation for the expected growth in automation and manufacturing.
Modern production equipment consists of mechatronic modules that are integrated according to a control architecture.
Mechatronic systems represent a large part of the functions of an automobile. 
The control loop formed by sensor information processing, actuator, mechanical (physical) change is found in many systems. 
One of the top reasons to get a mechatronics degree is the strong technical foundation you will gain in robotics. 
Robotics is used in the medical and healthcare fields, for the military, or in advanced manufacturing.
In these positions you'll build robotic solutions that improve manufacturing quality, quantity and productivity; 
you'll manage, execute and troubleshoot electrical, robotic and automation equipment; and you'll ensure that all robotic equipment is compliant with industry standards.
The average salary for a robotics technician, according to recruiter.com, is $51,600 per year.
The Internet of things (IoT) is the inter-networking of physical devices, embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, 
and network connectivity which enable these objects to collect and exchange data.
IoT and mechatronics are complementary. Many of the smart components associated with the Internet of Things will 
be essentially mechatronic. The development of the IoT is forcing mechatronics engineers, designers, practitioners and educators 
to research the ways in which mechatronic systems and components are perceived, designed and manufactured. 
This allows them to face up to new issues such as data security, machine ethics and the human-machine interface.
At the intersections of mechanics, electronics, and computing. mechatronics specialists create simpler, smarter systems.